so that the Sabah was another online
launch car yeah the sound bar again
we've kind of learned to enjoy that the
sound be launched is because a cars are
quite interesting quite innovative in
lots of different areas if we have a
look at the car obviously there again
the finger nose which is very much the
sort of trademark for the majority of
teams this year and the SAP have done a
very neat job of keeping that very
streamlined and then have this sort of
slope you front of the front of the
chassis which is covered with the vanity
panel it's all very nice around the area
and they've got a really interesting
front wing that really works the airflow
quite hard to get it out around the
front of the tires so again it's
probably a designer we can expect other
teams to start to copy as the season
goes by going back towards the middle of
the car now obviously we saw the Ferrari
with its very small side pods and
salaburu followed very much the same so
they've got very high and wired inlets
but they are quite small in comparison
to say for example the mclaren or the
force india that we've seen so far and
that rest of the site quad is really
shrunk and write down and lots of sort
of nice details around like the role
hoot for example which is is quite
attractive organic-looking pyramid
structure above the driver's head and
again at the rear of the car they've
really taken you know sort of lots of
weight out of the back of the car using
the Ferrari rear end so it's not
surprising that they're also using the
Ferrari method of mounting the rear wing
on a pair of kind of slightly bowlegged
pylons to let the exhaust pass through
the middle and again we've seen Sauber
are going to be trying and one of these
winglets above the exhaust as well so
lots of error is too still to develop on
the samba what do we think about the
small side pods on the Ferrari and the
salver do we think Luke Amari the
Ferrari engine designer is actually
coming up with different cooling numbers
to to his counterparts at Renault and
Mercedes it's interesting for it clearly
we've seen to the Ferrari engine cars
now and they're very much fast more on
the cooling requirement quite there but
other cars there's talk about Ferrara
using different intercoolers which use
on the water which then gets called in
the radiators in the sidepods and it's
also talked about using a lot more air
to cool the electrical elements as well
so it's going to be quite interesting
with these fineries get to see some of
these cars with the bodywork off to see
exactly what's underneath these side
pods